README.md, before:

# Netflix Gpt

- create react app
- install Typescript and config
- Gonfigured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form Validation using formix and yup
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to Production
- Create SignUp User Account
- Implement Sign In user Api
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update Profile
- Bug fix: Signup user display name and profile picture update
- Bug fix: if the user is not logged in Redirect to the login page from "/browse" page and vice-versa.
- Unsubscribe onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add haedcoded values to the constants file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update Store with movies Data
- Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
- Fetch Data for Trailer Video
- Update Store with Trailer Video
- Embedded the Youtube video and make it auto play and mute 
- Tailwind Classes use on Main Container
- Infinite scroll x-axis-wise
- Movie List
- integrate TMDB api for fetching Movie data
- Integrate TMDB Image CDN URL
- GPT search Feature
- Create GPT Slice
- Multi-language Feature in Our App


# Features

- Login/Sign Up
  - Sign In
  - Sign Up
  - redirect to Browser Page
- Browser (after authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Tittle & Description
    - MovieSuggestions
      - MovieList \* N
- Netflix GPT
  - Search Bar
  - Movie Suggesstions

Commit message:

open Gpt api Integrate & gpt search

README.md, after:

# Netflix Gpt

- create react app
- install Typescript and config
- Gonfigured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form Validation using formix and yup
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to Production
- Create SignUp User Account
- Implement Sign In user Api
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update Profile
- Bug fix: Signup user display name and profile picture update
- Bug fix: if the user is not logged in Redirect to the login page from "/browse" page and vice-versa.
- Unsubscribe onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add haedcoded values to the constants file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update Store with movies Data
- Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
- Fetch Data for Trailer Video
- Update Store with Trailer Video
- Embedded the Youtube video and make it auto play and mute 
- Tailwind Classes use on Main Container
- Infinite scroll x-axis-wise
- Movie List
- integrate TMDB api for fetching Movie data
- Integrate TMDB Image CDN URL
- GPT search Feature
- Create GPT Slice
- Multi-language Feature in Our App
- Integrate Open GPT api 
- Get movie suggestion by Open GPT api 
- Based on GPT result , Search Movies on TMDB


# Features

- Login/Sign Up
  - Sign In
  - Sign Up
  - redirect to Browser Page
- Browser (after authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Tittle & Description
    - MovieSuggestions
      - MovieList \* N
- Netflix GPT
  - Search Bar
  - Movie Suggesstions
